The content of our site is only supposed to be accessible to someone who is logged in.
So if I'm logged in, I can see what's on the site.
But as we've just seen, even if I wasn't logged in, I could still see the content.
So that's what we're going to change in this lesson.
What we need to do is to build the device into most of our views, the one that shouldn't be accessible
without logging in that prevents unauthorized access in Python.
We're going to go to views and we're going to import something we don't have yet.
We're going to put it here.
From Django dot contrib auth dot mcs ends.
And from here we're going to import something called login required mixing.
This is useful for many things.
Among them to establish the attributes of a certain user if they're going to be an administrator, if
it's going to have any other special authorization, and if it's going to be a common user, etc..
But it also allows us to restrict our views.
So we're going to go to the classes that we have here and we're going to make them inherit from log
in required mixing.
So I'm going to copy this and we're going to determine which classes we need to put it in in log in.
Of course not, because we want the login view to be accessible to anyone.
You don't need to be authenticated to log in here because otherwise it would be impossible to log in.
Impending list.
You do make sure you make it inherent from log in required mix in first and then list view afterwards.
So let's try this.
We come to the site and this is the pending list, which I just made it inherent from logging required
mixing.
And if I log out and try to log back in to that page, it's going to give me this error.
So on the one hand, they've managed to get it to restrict me.
I can't see it anymore.
But on the other hand, now I have to configure what unregistered users who try to enter a page that
requires authorization are going to see.
So we don't want them to get this horrible page that doesn't give us clear information.
So we come to the code and we're going to open the settings file and we're going to go down to almost
the end here before static URL and we're going to make a place here so we can type in capital letters,
log in, underscore your URL.
And here we're going to set where our website is going to take us when we want to enter unauthorized
pages.
We're going to say that it's equal to login.
That is to say we want to make it take us to where we can have the possibility of logging in.
So if we now go back to our site manually and instead of directing me to that page full of text, it
says, look, if you want to log in, you're going to have to identify yourself.
But for now, I've restricted only this site.
If I log out again and want to log in to Task one, remember I'm not logged in.
I can see Task One without any problems.
I should not be able to see it if I'm not authorized.
This is because I have only restricted the class pending list for now.
Now I should restrict all other classes except the login class.
I do this in task detail.
Of course I do.
Also in create task only authorized users can create tasks.
And also only they can edit tasks and only they can delete tasks.
Now.
Yes, everything is supposed to be restricted.
And if I want to see this task one without being logged in, it takes me to the login page.
So now once I log in, I can see the pending list.
So this is how we restrict whether or not a user can see a certain content.
We have yet to establish a way to make it so that each user can only see their own information.
Because for now we have the site identify whether the user is logged in or not.
We haven't established how to identify who can see what.
This task list is mine.
And if a different user logs in, they are supposed to be able to see their own tasks and not mine.
And at the same time, I can't see the other user's tasks.
So we're going to do that in the next lesson.